== README


This application allows people to easily create and share wishlists!

After logging in with Facebook, users can create multiple wishlists and add unlimited items to these lists. They can specify whether the list is for their birthday, christmas, and otherwise. Users get a link they can share. 

Any of the user’s Facebook friends can then view the wish list and “claim” items. Other visitors can see which items have been claimed and know not to gift those items.

The wishlist creator will not see what has been claimed, but can delete, edit, and update items. If the user deletes a claimed item, nothing breaks!

Gifters can also visit a page that shows them all of the past items they’ve gifted.

If they want, users can designate the date of the wishlist’s associated event. (If they specify their wishlist is for christmas, for example, the date will automatically be set to Dec 25th; their birthday can be found from their Facebook profile). After the event date, users can then see which items remain on their list and then can easily add those items to new lists if they want. 

MODELS
	Users
		Facebook data
	Wishlists
		User id
		Title: string
		Type: string
		Date: date
		Event url: string
		Description: text
	Items
		Wishlist id
		User id (giver id)
		Title: string
		Url: string
		Img url: string
		Description: text

User HAS MANY items (given) HAS MANY wishlists
Wishlist HAS MANY items (asked for)



Additional features, if time:

- Ajax calls in “create” so that whenever a new item was added to wish list, we wouldn’t have to have a new item wish list 
- Notify item claimers if item has been deleted
- Share with friends
- Additional privacy features (specify public, all Facebook friends, or if only certain friends can see list)
- Ability to attach wishlists to Facebook events
- Use Amazon API for product links

/////

This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

Things you may want to cover:

* Ruby version

* System dependencies

* Configuration

* Database creation

* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions

* ...


Please feel free to use a different markup language if you do not plan to run
<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.
